1. flight is in many ways a song of accent types.

2. tremolo dynamics and accent dynamics move independently. how will tremolo
dynamics notate? how will accent dynamics notate?

3. what combinations of tremolo dynamic and accent dynamic appear during
flight? exverse accents appear; no inverse accents appear. regions of quiet,
loud, very quiet, very loud tremolo all appear with accents one or two dynamic
levels above the tremolo dynamic. regions of quiet and very quiet tremolo
appear with accents many dynamic levels above the tremolo dynamic. effects
differ between these two types of superimposed dynamic.

4. rate of tremolo varies during flight. rate of tremolo does not vary much
during flight. moderate; a bit fast, fast, quite fast; a bit relaxed, relaxed,
quite relaxed. this provides an inventory of seven rates of tremolo.

5. are changes of rate of tremolo used permutationally in huitzil? probabaly
not very much. (massed permutational changes of rate of tremolo between
multiple strings will be effective in al-kitab al-khamr.) might be interesting
to have a moment in flight where an accent appears and then immediately slows
(or increases) the rate of tremolo for the duration of only a single note
before a subsequent accent appears and returns the rate fo tremolo to what it
was before. questions then arise as to what should be the relation between the
subito change in rate (whether up or down) and any corresponding subito change
in dynamic. an example follows as one possibility.

(*) consider a tremolo moderato played piano; a first forte accent subito
changes the rate of tremolo to very fast and the tremolo dynamic to ppp
(probabaly all played alla punta); a second forte accent accent then subito
returns the rate of tremolo to moderato and the tremolo dynamic to piano. the
effect is to start with one type of tremolo (moderato piano) and then open a
momentary window to another type of tremolo (presto pianississimo). (the start-
and stop-accents are the same because varying the start- and stop-accents
produces an unintended type of confusion). the window can then be used
syntactically. the window can be opened alteranately after third accent all in
a series of equal durations. the window can be opened alternately for shorter
durations than those of the main progression of accented notes. the window can
be opened intermittently between the main progression of accented notes.
perhaps most interestingly the predominant context can subito shift to the
material of the window. this inverts two types of material.

6. literatal accelerandi and ritardandi appear. literal accelerandi and
ritardandi effect rate of tremolo and accent frequency at the same time.

7. composite rate changes also appear. first type of composite rate change
holds rate of tremolo constant while changing accent frequency; this type of
"accent frequency transition" can probabaly be effected by hand with
increasingly changed durations notated together with a textual indication to
hold rate of tremolo constant. 

8. eight types of type monad appear in flight. 3:2, 4:3, 5:3, 5:4 diminutions
appear. 2:3, 3:4, 3:5, 4:5 augmentations appear.